lack of rain has driven the grubs and
the larvae the meerkats eat deep
underground forcing the whiskers to work
for every morsel and catching your meal
is just the start you better get it down
quickly or someone will steal it in this
tough environment no one can be trusted
[Music]
this feathered thief has learned that a
group of hungry meerkats a well worth
following a naive pup like Swift is the
perfect target she hasn't seen what this
bird can do yet Swift gets given an
enormous lava exactly what this bird has
been waiting for
she might be little but Swift's not
going to give up such a valuable prize
without a fight it's a welcome meal for
her
perhaps this bird will be wiser to
choose an easier target next time
[Music]
Swift has learned another important
lesson about who's who in the Kalahari
[Music]
you